Ermias Asghedom (born August 15, 1985), better known by his stage name Nipsey Hussle (often stylized as Nipsey Hu$$le), is an American rapper from Los Angeles, California. 

He has released several mixtapes, including three installments of his Bullets Ain't Got No Name series, The Marathon, The Marathon Continues and Crenshaw, the latter of which rapper Jay-Z, bought 100 copies for $100 each.[2] His debut studio album "Victory Lap" was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards in 2019.

In 2005, Hussle gave his first mixtape, titled Slauson Boy Volume 1, which soon became the name of his own record label.[3] In 2008 Nipsey released two mixtapes, Bullets Ain't Got No Name, Vol. 1 and Vol. 2,[4] after signing with Cinematic Music Group and Epic Records.[5][6] In 2009, he released his debut single, "Hussle in the House". Later that year, Nipsey released a third mixtape Bullets Ain't Got No Name, Vol. 3. He then collaborated with Drake on the song "Killer",[7] and also appeared, along with Snoop Dogg and Problem[8] on the song "Upside Down", which featured on his 2010's album Malice n Wonderland.

In 2010, Nipsey appeared on the song "We Are the World 25 for Haiti",[9] and was chosen to be the part as one of the XXL Magazine's "Annual Freshman Top Ten", a selection of ten up-and-coming artists.[10] XXL labeled him "Most Determined" of his class, and LA Weekly called him the "next big L.A. MC".[11][12] Hussle was expected to release his debut album, South Central State of Mind, in October 2010. Prior to release, the album was supported by the single "Feelin' Myself" featuring Lloyd. While the production was set to be handled from J.R. Rotem, Scott Storch, Mr. Lee, Play-N-Skillz, Terrace Martin and 1500 or Nothin', the album was set to be featured with the guest appearances from Trey Songz, Jay Rock and Sean Kingston. Concurrently, he announced that he plans on releasing a mixtape with a fellow rapper Jay Rock, titled Red and Blue Make Green.[13] Following the release of a music video for "Feelin' Myself", the album was set for a December 21, 2010 release; however, both these projects were eventually postponed indefinitely

